Prepare for beta16 (#826)
twilio/twilio-video.js: COMMON_ISSUES.md

Common Issues
=============

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Having an issue with twilio-video.js? Unable to see remote Participants' Tracks?
Review this list of common issues to determine whether or not your issue is
known or a workaround is available. Please also take a look at the
[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) to see if your issue is known for a particular
release. If your issue hasn't been reported, consider submitting
[a new issue](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/new).

> Participants do not receive audio from Mobile Safari on iOS 13.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile Safari Participants on iOS 13.0.1 sometimes fail to send audio
```

------------------------------------------------------------------

> Because of this [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=202405) sometimes Safari participants connected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=202405), sometimes Mobile Safari Participants
```

> from iOS 13.0.1 devices fail to send audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on iOS 13.0.1 fail to send audio.
```

> Firefox participants fail to subscribe to data tracks on P2P rooms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firefox Participants sometimes fail to subscribe to DataTracks on Peer-to-Peer Rooms
```

------------------------------------------------------------------

> We have seen some instances where firefox participant when connected after a data track was published in the room,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have seen some instances where Firefox Participants that join a Peer-to-Peer Room after a DataTrack has been published fail to subscribe to it. We have filed an internal JIRA bug JSDK-xxxx and started working on a fix, which will be available in a future release.
```

> fail to subscribe to or receive messages on the track. This issue was observed only in P2P rooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

release. If your issue hasn't been reported, consider submitting
[a new issue](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/new).

Mobile Safari Participants on iOS 13.0.1 sometimes fail to send audio

> ------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: @makarandp0 Can you make sure the underline is the same length as the heading?

Because of this [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=202405), sometimes Mobile Safari Participants
on iOS 13.0.1 fail to send audio.

Firefox Participants sometimes fail to subscribe to DataTracks on Peer-to-Peer Rooms

> ------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: @makarandp0 Can you make sure the underline is the same length as the heading?
